docs: update the FJ extension section according to the UI changes (#24)
telerik/fiddler-jam-docs: extension/link-options.md

---
title: Sharing Options

> description: An article about the sharing and security options for submitting a recorded Fiddler Jam logs.

Reviewer: Provide more value to the meta description by removing unnecessary words and adding more keywords that are related to the content, e.g.:

```suggestion
description: Sharing and security options for recorded Fiddler Jam logs. Share with a link or with specific people, and use an optional password. 
```

slug: fj-link-options
tags: submit Fiddler Jam, Fiddler Jam link generation, Fiddler Jam URL link, Fiddler Jam portal links, Jam sharing, Jam collaboration, Fiddler collaboration options
publish: true
position: 50
---

# Sharing Options

> After [recording a log]({%slug fj-recording-logs%}), the Fiddler Jam extension provides two options for sharing the log. Both possibilities could apply additional security by enabling the password protection option.

Reviewer: Consider simpler sentences.

```suggestion
The Fiddler Jam extension provides two options for sharing [recorded logs]({%slug fj-recording-logs%}). Both alternatives allow additional security via password protection.
```

> - [Share with link](#share-with-link)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Share with a link](#share-with-a-link)
```

- [Share with specific people](#share-with-specific-people)

![Link generation options](../images/ext/ext-images/extension-link-options.png)

> ## Share with link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Share with a link
```

> The option **Share with link** allows any Fiddler Jam portal user with the link to open the recorded logs. Additionally, the log could be protected with a password by enabling the **Password protection** switch. The password must be at least eight characters long, must contain at least one lowercase, one uppercase, and one number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Link sharing allows any Fiddler Jam portal user to open a recorded log, if they have the link. Optionally, the log can be protected with a password by enabling the **Password protection** switch. The password must:

* be at least 8 characters long
* contain both lowercase and uppercase letters
* contain at least one number
```

> Only registered [Fiddler Jam portal users]({%slug fj-users%}#portal-users) with the appropriate rights will have access to the recorded information.

Reviewer: What are these `appropriate rights` (permissions?) ? Aren't we talking about just having the link and the password? If yes, this sentence looks unecessary. Otherwise, we should clarify what these permissions are.

> ![Share with link](../images/ext/ext-images/extension-link-options-password.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Share with specific people

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Share with Specific People
```

> This option allows you to list specific users via their emails. Only users explicitly listed in the email list will be able to open the recorded log. Additionally, the log could be protected with a password by enabling the **Password protection** switch. The password must be at least eight characters long, must contain at least one lowercase, one uppercase, and one number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows you to list specific [Fiddler Jam portal users]({%slug fj-users%}#portal-users) via their account emails. Only users from the email list will be able to open the recorded log. The log can also be protected with a password.
```

> The email recipients need to be [Fiddler Jam portal users]({%slug fj-users%}#portal-users) with the appropriate rights.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

![Share with specific people](../images/ext/ext-images/extension-link-options-sharing-via-emails-popu.png)

> ## Next Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Password Protection for Recorded Logs

Recorded logs can be protected with a password, no matter if they are shared with a link or with specific users. Use the **Password protection** switch. The password must:

* be at least 8 characters long
* contain both lowercase and uppercase letters
* contain at least one number

## Next Steps
```
